TODO.md, before:


# Mission Critical Deliverables

_prior to presentation_

## Home Stretch:

[] Add heatmap from QGIS

[] Replace jpg bar charts with D3 bar charts

[] Add tooltips to airports layer

[] Figure out scroll update card situation

[] Add units to pie chart hover labels

[] Fix broken image in Port of London

[]

[] Add air traffic over UK

[] Add feature content to National cards
  [] Airports - passenger flows pie charts (Inwards + Outwards)
  [] Ports - what info?

###############################################################################

[Kristan] - Spotted things to correct

[] Add value to d3 barchart on hover

[] Change layer by scrolling

[] Add d3 barChart for airport/port layer

[x] Missing tooltips on airport layer when hovering

[] d3 piecharts for national layer

[] d3 barchart for national layers

[] d3 piecharts for local layer

###############################################################################

SHUKE

[] Finalize styling

[] Finish presentation

[] Write presentation notes

[?] Style ports:
- Harbor Size: Circle size
- Aggregated Harbor type: Color

[?] Style airports
- Harbor Size: Circle size
- Aggregated Harbor type: Color

[?] Fix coloring of airports

[x] Outline presentation

[x] Create presentation design



KRISTIAN

[x] K+J Legends loading looking good

[x] K Fix Heathrow center attribute

[x] K Add favicon


[x] K Implement D3 bar charts in cards
  [x] Set hover state opacity 0.7 - to show interactivity

[] K Add in-card bar charts for UK Ports and UK Air Transport cards.

[] J + K Add shipping density map

[x] K Pie chart value pop-up on click

[x] Merge / integrate legends

[] Add pie chart feature content update for UK largest ports and airports card

[-] Feature-content: On pie segment click display amount of category.

[] Maybe help with shipping density heatmap - tippecanoe etc.

[x] Build legends

[x] Add National Level card 1 layer

[x] Filter UK airport/port for national card one. (This will mean adding the filter in the loadCard() method I think)

[x] Extent legends to include multiple layers.

[] Add categorical dimensions to airports and ports datasets
  [x] UK (iso3)
  [] Busiest UK
  [] ??



JOHN

[x] J Merge country highlighting feature from highlightingCountries branch

[x*] J Change nav control to sticky top of cards
  [] Move github link to right of nav

[x] J Embed sound and video

[] J Set up layer add demo

[x] J Remove bottom margin-bottom

[x] J Increase 3d-buildings extrusion scaling factor

[x] Add back in heathrow stations


[-] Change to satellite-street on Tillbury-port-card

[x] On load map extent is not right.

[?] On airport/port fly-to ensure correct extent/center.

[] Add popup card for national airports and ports.

[] if time: add raster heatmap of shipping heatmap

[] Add layer filter toggle button to ports and airports

[] Add filter remove to each layer on card change

[x] Add favicon

[] Work out how to add and remove filters from layeres
  [] Toggle
  [] on card load



[-] Flip Heathrow background to satellite-streets

[-] Flip port background to satellite-streets

[x] Figure out map scale bar

[x] Figure out map control

[-] Build port flythrough tour

[x] Set up feature content functionality for Imports card.

[x] Update pie chart function definition

[x] Fix hover tooltip position and background

[x] Fix some positioning of text in feature content cards

[x] Make it so tooltips only show if not undefined ...

[x] Add fly-to in airport feature content.

[x] Change port tooltip to h5.

[x] Add Heathrow/Tilbury point-of-interest-tooltip





EVERYONE

[x] Load content into cards.

[x] Add card content - text

[] Add card content - images, videos, etc.


LATER

[] Create landing page

[] Create github, configure github pages

[] Buy and configure domain

[] Add roads and rails to UK national card







##

Commit message:

updated data nd TODO.md

TODO.md, after:


# Mission Critical Deliverables

_prior to presentation_

## Home Stretch:

[] Add heatmap from QGIS

[] Replace jpg bar charts with D3 bar charts

[] Add tooltips to airports layer

[] Figure out scroll update card situation

[] Add units to pie chart hover labels

[] Fix broken image in Port of London

[]

[] Add air traffic over UK

[] Add feature content to National cards
  [] Airports - passenger flows pie charts (Inwards + Outwards)
  [] Ports - what info?

###############################################################################

[Kristan] - Spotted things to correct

(E) [] Add value to d3 barchart on hover

[] Change layer by scrolling

[] Add d3 barChart for airport/port layer

[x] Missing tooltips on airport layer when hovering

[] d3 piecharts for national layer

[] d3 barchart for national layers

[] d3 piecharts for local layer

(E) [] Include the unit in the text (Global Air Transport(1000 tonnes)/Global sea transport (1000 TEUs))

(E) [x] Re-unit the categories in the global data set to billions

(E) [] Re-unit the amounts in the UK airport data to 1000 tonnes from tonnes

###############################################################################

SHUKE

[] Finalize styling

[] Finish presentation

[] Write presentation notes

[?] Style ports:
- Harbor Size: Circle size
- Aggregated Harbor type: Color

[?] Style airports
- Harbor Size: Circle size
- Aggregated Harbor type: Color

[?] Fix coloring of airports

[x] Outline presentation

[x] Create presentation design



KRISTIAN

[x] K+J Legends loading looking good

[x] K Fix Heathrow center attribute

[x] K Add favicon


[x] K Implement D3 bar charts in cards
  [x] Set hover state opacity 0.7 - to show interactivity

[] K Add in-card bar charts for UK Ports and UK Air Transport cards.

[] J + K Add shipping density map

[x] K Pie chart value pop-up on click

[x] Merge / integrate legends

[] Add pie chart feature content update for UK largest ports and airports card

[-] Feature-content: On pie segment click display amount of category.

[] Maybe help with shipping density heatmap - tippecanoe etc.

[x] Build legends

[x] Add National Level card 1 layer

[x] Filter UK airport/port for national card one. (This will mean adding the filter in the loadCard() method I think)

[x] Extent legends to include multiple layers.

[] Add categorical dimensions to airports and ports datasets
  [x] UK (iso3)
  [] Busiest UK
  [] ??



JOHN

[x] J Merge country highlighting feature from highlightingCountries branch

[x*] J Change nav control to sticky top of cards
  [] Move github link to right of nav

[x] J Embed sound and video

[] J Set up layer add demo

[x] J Remove bottom margin-bottom

[x] J Increase 3d-buildings extrusion scaling factor

[x] Add back in heathrow stations


[-] Change to satellite-street on Tillbury-port-card

[x] On load map extent is not right.

[?] On airport/port fly-to ensure correct extent/center.

[] Add popup card for national airports and ports.

[] if time: add raster heatmap of shipping heatmap

[] Add layer filter toggle button to ports and airports

[] Add filter remove to each layer on card change

[x] Add favicon

[] Work out how to add and remove filters from layeres
  [] Toggle
  [] on card load



[-] Flip Heathrow background to satellite-streets

[-] Flip port background to satellite-streets

[x] Figure out map scale bar

[x] Figure out map control

[-] Build port flythrough tour

[x] Set up feature content functionality for Imports card.

[x] Update pie chart function definition

[x] Fix hover tooltip position and background

[x] Fix some positioning of text in feature content cards

[x] Make it so tooltips only show if not undefined ...

[x] Add fly-to in airport feature content.

[x] Change port tooltip to h5.

[x] Add Heathrow/Tilbury point-of-interest-tooltip





EVERYONE

[x] Load content into cards.

[x] Add card content - text

[] Add card content - images, videos, etc.


LATER

[] Create landing page

[] Create github, configure github pages

[] Buy and configure domain

[] Add roads and rails to UK national card







##
